Add content for container template (#1954)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/templates/container-service/_index.md

---

> title: Container Templates

Reviewer: I notice you called these Container Templates but the AWS one is called "Container Service Templates" we should settle on a name here

Reviewer 2: Suggest “container service templates” over “container templates”.

layout: overview

> description: Pulumi program templates are the fastest way to deploy [containerized applications](/containers) on [AWS](/aws), [Azure](/azure), or [Google Cloud Platform](/gcp). Templates come with predefined [infrastructure as code](/what-is/what-is-infrastructure-as-code) so you can get started instantly.

Reviewer 2: Similarly to the others, let's pull the links out of this section and put them into the body of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Pulumi program templates are the fastest way to deploy [container services](/containers) on [AWS](/aws), [Azure](/azure), or [Google Cloud Platform](/gcp). Templates come with predefined [infrastructure as code](/what-is/what-is-infrastructure-as-code) so you can get started instantly.
```

i would say container services rather than the containerized applications

meta_desc: Pulumi program templates that make it easy to deploy containerized applications on AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.
meta_image: meta.png

> weight: 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
template:
    prefix: container-aws
weight: 1
```

---

> ### What are containerized applications?

Reviewer: Are we specifically talking about Containers or Containerized Applications. We should just make sure the Title and all these things line up with each other

Reviewer: Yeah I think the problem here is we are focusing on applications and the whole point of these templates are really focused on bringing up the container service/cluster manager infrastructure

> ### What are containerized applications?
> 
> Containerized applications run in isolated runtime environments called containers, which enable developers to package an application and its dependencies into a lightweight environment. Docker is most commonly used to create container images. Containerized applications are great for scenarios such as microservices, batch jobs, and migrating a legacy application. The benefits of containers include better scalability, portability, and fault isolation.

Reviewer: I think what you need to do here is talk about Running containers and then introduce that these clouds of container services that allow you to run said containers atop compute. And then you present the different options. 

```suggestion
### What are containers?

Containers are lightweight virtualized operating system environments where developers can package and run an application and its dependencies as isolated runtime environments. The benefits of containers include better scalability, portability, and fault isolation. Docker is most commonly used to create container images. Containers are great for scenarios such as microservices, batch jobs, and migrating a legacy application. In the cloud, containers are typically run using container services that manage the container orchestration, cluster management, and compute for you. 
```
